chore: add detailed documentation of custom monitoring [skip ci] (#183)
cdklabs/cdk-monitoring-constructs: README.md

Custom metric monitoring can be created for simple metrics, simple metrics with anomaly detection and search metrics.
The first two also support alarming.

#### Example: simple metrics

```ts
monitorCustom({
    title: "Three simple metrics",

>     metrics: [m1, m2, m3]

Reviewer: It'd probably help to show a sample of a metric, or just add a comment stating what sort of metric classes/interfaces are allowed.

Author: I see, so you mean for m1, etc?

Reviewer: Yeah. A comment describing the allowed types should be sufficient.

})
```

Adding an alarm:

```ts
monitorCustom({
    title: "One simple metric with alarm",
    metrics: [
        {
            metric: m1,
            alarmFriendlyName: "MetricWithAlarm",
            addAlarm: {
                Warning: {
                    threshold: 1,
                    comparisonOperator: ComparisonOperator.GREATER_THAN_THRESHOLD
                }
            }
        }
    ]
})
```

#### Example: metric with anomaly detection

In this case, only one metric is supported. 

> There cannot be multiple metrics rendered with anomaly detection in a single widget (CloudWatch limitation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple metrics cannot be rendered with anomaly detection in a single widget due to a CloudWatch limitation.
```

```ts
monitorCustom({
    title: "Metric with anomaly detection",
    metrics: [
        {
            metric: m1,
            anomalyDetectionStandardDeviationToRender: 3
        }
    ]
})
```

Adding an alarm:

```ts
monitorCustom({
    title: "Metric with anomaly detection and alarm",
    metrics: [
        {
            metric: m1,
            alarmFriendlyName: "MetricWithAnomalyDetectionAlarm",
            anomalyDetectionStandardDeviationToRender: 3,
            addAlarmOnAnomaly: {
                Warning: {
                    standardDeviationForAlarm: 4,
                    alarmWhenAboveTheBand: true,
                    alarmWhenBelowTheBand: true
                }
            }
        }
    ]
})
```

#### Example: search metrics

```ts
monitorCustom({
    title: "Metric search",
    metrics: [
        {
            searchQuery: "My.Prefix.",

>             dimensions: {

Reviewer: Isn't it `dimensionsMap` now with CDK v2?

                FirstDimension: "FirstDimensionValue",
                // allow any value for the given dimension

>                 SecondDimension: undefined

Reviewer: This would have to be `undefined as unknown as string` to satisfy the type of `DimensionsMap`.

Author: Wow. That seems bad. We should probably introduce some magical constant instead, like `AnyDimensionValue`.
